GetAllBots - doesnt work
Win & Loses - doesnt work

test the 'see all bots' button
test the 'draw' button 
test choosing a card
test that it chooses the correct two cards
test that the right to cards are used in the duel
test the dual button 
test the that wins add to the win counter
test the that loses add to the lose counter
test the the win total is correct and a running totatl
test the the lose total is correct and a running total 
test that the duel outcome is correct

---------------------------

Test Case:

Test (click) the See All Bots 

Description: This test is going to click on the See All Bots button to see if the button pulls up all the bots

Steps:
1. Open the DuelDuo Hompage
2. Click see all bots button

Test Postconditions:
- the entire list (array) of bots should display on screen

Bug Fix:
- on server.js line 24 .send(botsArr) is incorrect should be .send(bots)

----------------------------

Bug Report

Descripton:
The losses counter does not update correctly it adds the wins as well.
Steps to reproduce:

1. Navigate to the DuelDuo Homepage
2. Click the 'draw' button
3. Click 'Add to Duo' button for two robot cards
4. Click 'Duel!' button 
5. Check to see that you either won or lost
6. Check the losses counter 

Expected Result
- If you win the wins counter is +1

Actual Result:
- If you win the losses counter goes +1

Enviroment:
- Chrome version 89
- Windows 10

---------------------------

Bug Report #2

Description:
The robot display cards with names longer than one line are slightly larger than that of the others when you are Duel post duel.

Steps to Reorduce:

1. Navigate to the DuelDuo Homepage
2. Click the 'draw' button
3. Click 'Add to Duo' button to at least one robot with a name that is two rows
4. Click 'Duel!' button 
5. Make sure window is wide enough to display the four cards in a row.

Expected Result:
- the cards to all be the same length even if one team only has single line named robots

Actual Result:
- If one team has a card with a double line name they are no longer the same size.

Enviroment:
- Chrome version 89
- Windows 10
